updated the table of monitoring options (#3905)
FusionAuth/fusionauth-site: astro/src/content/docs/operate/monitor/monitor.mdx

| Metrics       | System metrics, such as JVM buffers, memory, and threads.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | Can be consumed via API, available in Prometheus-compatible format.                                                                            | [More info](/docs/operate/monitor/monitor#metrics)            | Affected by metrics collisions. [Learn more](https://github.com/FusionAuth/fusionauth-issues/issues/2379). |

> | System Logs   | Exceptions, stack traces, database connection issues, Elasticsearch connection issues. Enable debug logging to show more tracing data. Logs are also written to the Docker standard output (terminal).                                                                                                                                                                                     | Export as a ZIP file using the API.                                                                                                         | [More info](/docs/operate/troubleshooting/troubleshooting#system-log-ui) | Data is available from a cache that may be removed without notice. |

Author: It's not really a cache. Reworked.

| Audit Logs    | Created by admin user interface actions. This is a basic API, so customers can also call it. A free-form API, the audit log can contain whatever data you specify.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     | Can be consumed via webhook or API.                                                                                                            | [More info](/docs/apis/audit-logs)                                       | API calls may be affected by [rate limits](/docs/get-started/run-in-the-cloud/cloud#captcha-and-rate-limits). |

> | Event Logs    | Debug information for external integrations with IdPs, SMTP, and other external services. In general, runtime errors that are typically not caused by FusionAuth and cannot be communicated well at runtime. For example, a template rendering error in a custom theme, an exception connecting to SMTP due to bad credentials, a failure in a SAML exchange, or a connection to a webhook is failing. | Can be consumed via webhook or API.                                                                                                            | [More info](/docs/operate/troubleshooting/troubleshooting#event-log)     | API calls may be affected by [rate limits](/docs/get-started/run-in-the-cloud/cloud#captcha-and-rate-limits). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Event Logs    | Debug information for external integrations with IdPs, SMTP, and other services. This is usually runtime errors that are caused by an external service that can't be effectively communicated at runtime. Some examples: a template rendering error in a custom theme, an exception connecting to SMTP due to bad credentials, a failure in a SAML exchange, or a connection to a webhook fails. | Read using API endpoints or a webhook.                                                                                                            | [More info](/docs/operate/troubleshooting/troubleshooting#event-log)     | API calls may be affected by [rate limits](/docs/get-started/run-in-the-cloud/cloud#captcha-and-rate-limits). |
```

> | Login records | Each successful login is recorded here. Includes IP information, application, user, and timestamp.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     | Can be consumed via API. This record itself is not sent through a webhook, but a login success or login failure can be consumed via a webhook. | [More info](/docs/apis/login#export-login-records)                       | API calls may be affected by [rate limits](/docs/get-started/run-in-the-cloud/cloud#captcha-and-rate-limits). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Login records | A record of each successful login that includes IP information, application, user, and a timestamp.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     | Read using API endpoints. In addition, you can use a webhook for login success or failure can. | [More info](/docs/apis/login#export-login-records)                       | API calls may be affected by [rate limits](/docs/get-started/run-in-the-cloud/cloud#captcha-and-rate-limits). |
```

> | Webhooks      | Triggered by events as documented, sending is configurable. Contains IP and location information when available.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       | Can be sent to an HTTP endpoint or a Kafka topic.                                                                                              | [More info](/docs/extend/events-and-webhooks/)                           | API calls may be affected by [rate limits](/docs/get-started/run-in-the-cloud/cloud#captcha-and-rate-limits). |

Reviewer: I can't make a replacement suggestion for this row as it needs info that I don't know. The current detail doesn't help the user (events as documented... documented where?). What is "configurable" about sending? Does that mean that the user has to both enable the webhook and enable reporting as well, or that any enabled webhook is reported?

Author: Tried to clean this up. Events are documented in the 'more info' link.
